Alaric - German for "noble ruler."
Aldous - Italian and German for "wealthy."
Archibald - German for "genuine."
Arne - Old Norse for "eagle."
Arthur - Celtic for "bear."
Bahram - Persian for "victorious."
Bard - Gaelic for "poet" or "singer."
Bartholomew - Hebrew for "furrow."
Benedict - Latin for "blessed."
Bertram - German and French for "bright raven."
Björn - German and Scandinavian for "bold as a bear."
Burchard - English for "strong as a castle."
Cassian - Latin for "vain."
Cathasach - Gaelic for "brave."
Charibert - German for "glorious warrior."
Conrad - Old German for "brave counsel."
Crispin - Latin for "curly."
Cyprian - Greek origin name that means "man of Cyprus."
Daegal - An Anglo-Saxon name with Scandinavian roots that means "dweller by the dark stream."
Drogo - Old German name for "to bear" or "to carry."
Drustan - Believed to be derived from the Celtic and Gaelic word "drest" which means "riot."
Dustin - Old English for "dark stone" and German for "valiant fighter."
Elric - English for "wise ruler."
Emil - Latin for "trying to equal or excel."
Finnian - An Irish name that means "fair" or "white."
Florian - Latin for "flowering."
Galileo - Italian for "from Galilee."
Gandalf - Old Norse for "wand elf."
Gerold - German for "spear."
Godfrey - German and Old French for "peaceful."
Godwin - German for "God's peace."
Gomes - Portuguese for "man."
Gregory - A Greek name for "watchman."
Grimwald - Old German for "prevail."
Hamlin - German for "little home lover."
Hawk - English or American for "like the bird."
Hildebald - Ancient Germanic for "brave battle."
Jeremiah - Hebrew for "exalted of God."
Kazamir - A name of Slavic origin that means "destroyer of peace."
Kenric - Anglo-Saxon for "fearless leader."
Lancaster - Old English name that is habitational for the people who resided in Lancaster in northwestern England. It was also an English royal family surname.
Leif - Old Norse for "beloved."
Leoric - An English origin name with Latin roots that means "like a lion."
Lothar - German for "famous warrior."
Lunden - Several habitational origins including Norwegian for numerous farmsteads and German from the municipality of Lunden in Holstein, Germany.
Maurin - Latin name for "dark-skinned."
Morcant - Welsh for "bright sea."
Neville - French for "from the new farmland."
Njal - Scandinavian for "champion."
Odel - Anglo-Saxon for "wealthy."
Orvyn - English for "spear friend."
Osric - An English and German name for "divine ruler."
Pascal - A French name for "born at Easter."
Piers - Latin and English for "rock" or "stone."
     Randolf - Anglo-Saxon for "shield."
Ricard - English for "rich and powerful ruler."
Svend - Danish for "young man."
Theodoric - German for "people's ruler."
Torsten - Norse for "Thor's stone."
Wilkin - Medieval version of the English name "William" and it means armed resolution."
Wolf - English, and Teutonic for the animal of the same name.
Wymond - Middle English for "battle protector."
Zemislav - Slavic for "family glory."
Adelaide - German for "noble kind."
Amelia - German for "industrious."
Beatriz - A Spanish name that is derived from the Latin name Beatrix, which means "happy." It is also considered an alternative spelling for "Beatrice."
Ella - German for "all" and Hebrew for "goddess."
Erika - Scandinavian for "powerful and honorable ruler."
Genevieve - Welsh for "white wave" and French for "tribe woman."
Mirabel - Latin for "wonderful."
Olive - Old Norse for "kind one."
Petra - Greek for "stone."
Regina - Latin for "queenly."
Winifred - German and English for "peace."
Annora - Latin for "honor."
Colette - Greek for "victory of the people."
Diamond - English for "brilliant."
Eira - Welsh for "snow."
Emmalina - Latin for "universal."
Euphemia - Greek for "well-spoken."
Gregoria - Greek for "watchful."
Honora - Latin for "dignified" and French for "noblewoman."
Jacquette - French origin name for "supplanter."
Odelgarde - German origin name for "victory of the people."
Papa - Short for "Papahanaumoku," this is the name of the Goddess and earth mother in Hawaiian mythology.
Philomena - Greek for "beloved."
Sabina - A Hindi musical instrument and the Hebrew name for "understanding."
Sigrid - Old Norse for "winning adviser."
Thomasina - Greek for "twin."
Ursula - Latin for "little bear."
Anika - Hebrew origin name for "gift of God's favor."
Bogdana - Slavic for "God's gift."
Celestina - Latin for "heavenly."
Dorothy - Greek for "gift of God."
Elisaria - French for "God is my oath."
Eydis - Norse for "goddess of the island."
Godiva - English for "God's gift."
Gyda - Old Norse for "God."
Isabeau - French for "pledge to God."
Jehanne - Hebrew for "Yahweh is gracious."
Joan - Hebrew for "God is gracious."
Raphaelle - Hebrew for "God heals."
Tiffany - French for "appearance of God."
